FIX handle empty steps in `Pipeline` (#30203)
scikit-learn/scikit-learn: doc/whats_new/upcoming_changes/sklearn.pipeline/30203.fix.rst

> - :class:`pipeline.Pipeline` Fixed the behaviour of `Pipeline._estimator_type` to return None when the pipeline is empty. Also updated `Pipeline.__sklearn_tags__` to correctly handle empty pipelines. This allows the html representation of an empty pipeline to be rendered correctly
> :pr:`30203` by :user:`Gennaro Daniele Acciaro <gdacciaro>`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Fixed an issue with tags and estimator type of :class:`~sklearn.pipeline.Pipeline`
  when pipeline is empty. Also updated. This allows the html representation of an empty
  pipeline to be rendered correctly.
  By :user:`Gennaro Daniele Acciaro <gdacciaro>`
```
